[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to determine whether we find
ourselves adequately prepared with the
2019 Milton Bradley star V Hall ready or
not let's get to it
we open on a slow pan across a variety
of classic board games creating a light
and playful atmosphere followed by
toddlers running through the hallways as
one would expect after alex has shoved
into a wardrobe daniel finds a grown man
pleading for his help as one would
expect he sounds the alarm and some
grownups come to help by dragging the
gentleman off for some sort of
ritualistic murder ceremony and now off
to bed you scamp thirty years later we
find grace practicing her vows
pre-ceremony
Daniel from the opening walks in to
connect some dots for us he and Alex are
part of the low Domus gaming Empire Alex
isn't too keen on his family and gives
his near future bride one last chance to
walk away through pictures we learn that
his family is indeed primarily comprised
of elitist douchebags but the ceremony
went off without a hitch back in their
marital bed the mood turns sexual but
then aunt Helene sends it off a cliff in
order to tell them that everyone's
waiting downstairs oh hey thanks Alex
comes clean explaining that all new
family members must play a game that
determines the game they must play in
order to be welcomed into the family
it's a simple rite of passage and I mean
I guess it's as good as sex I we learned
there are some competing motivations
here Alex wants to get this over with
and bid his family farewell forever but
his mom is hoping grace will help bring
Alex closer to the family they begin the
ceremony with some backstory their
grandfather made a deal with a
mysterious man named mr. LeBell we're in
solving his puzzle box resulted in great
family fortune and now to prevent
misfortune they're required to do as the
box tells them whether it be playing a
game of chess or old maid or
hide-and-seek bound by tradition and an
acute obsessive-compulsive disorder they
go cameras off
game on grace wanders the halls
entranced by the whimsy of playing adult
hide-and-seek like she lives in Portland
or something while we see that the Ladue
masses are taking it a bit more
seriously Alex runs off to try and warn
her and pulls her into a bedroom as they
hide the child care professional takes
her round to the I quickly apprising
grace of the seriousness of the
situation they dragged the help off
gurgling while Alex Asher's grace into a
servant's passage he explains that the
tradition involves not only a game but a
sacrifice the game sheep hold is the one
instance where the sacrificed must be
the gamer he didn't tell her because
there was only a small chain
she would pull it and he didn't want her
to leave because it's all about love
maybe that instructs her on how to get
out while he goes to run interference
she just barely makes her way to the
billiard room where she discovers the
house is on total lockdown and she runs
across Daniel in a total mood as he
reminisces about his childhood trauma he
can't bring himself to kill her or help
her so he gives her a countdown before
calling for backup the family gathers
disappointed in Daniel's blunder but
quickly forgets his coke head Emily
continues to screw this thing they then
try to backflip their way around the
rules regarding surveillance and weapon
choice you need to take that up with
your Satan my friends they ultimately
opt to reactivate the security room
while grace circles back to the game
room for an elephant gun Alex arrives at
the security room first and eventually
manages to unlock the doors in her
attempt to escape grace learns the
ammunition for this particular gun is
for display only forcing her to
improvise in response Stephen goes I'm
just gonna wave my arm in front of me
like this and if you get hit it's your
own fault
forcing her to back off Daniel and Tony
managed to break in and subdue alex is
secured him in an upstairs room as they
decide their next steps
grace runs for cover eventually finding
herself in the stable she discovers that
her pursuer is just little Georgie and
little Georgie turns out to be a little
[ __ ] she made just a coldcock head
before falling backward into the pit of
sacrificial remains and the only way out
requires novel use of her new body
modification she continues on her way as
the family Divis up their roles and
responsibilities the losers end up in
the barn cleaning up the crap we find
that / their deal if they don't complete
the ritual by Dawn they're dead begging
the question do they all deserve to die
do the children certainly seems like
they do but Daniels not so sure so after
a series of unfortunate events results
in grace finding herself disheveled in a
wooded alcove she's greeted by Daniel
who seems to be much more sure of his
loyalties now back at the house Becky
has a heart-to-heart with her son we
find that this isn't all about fun
there's a deep-seated fear of what will
happen if they don't appease their
demonic benefactor none of them actually
knowing for sure if the family myth is
for real despite their commitment they
begin the preparations explaining their
satanic obligations to the children and
donning their ceremonial robes
investments grace manages to wake up
just as they begin the incantations
providing her the opportunity to witness
the beauty of other cultures how lucky
before they can get to the endpoint they
all start puking blood a conveniently
timed mild poisoning thanks to Daniel
who's really having a time of figuring
out who he is and he and grace run off
right as Alex finishes his woodworking
project Daniel's wife charity is having
no such
existential crisis as she shoots her
husband to maintain her standard of
living Alex finds Daniel leaving his
emotional state nearly untethered when
he walks in on grace after she went
primitive on his mom and then she
rebuffs him he realizes the only thing
he has left his family and he comes back
into the fold they do a speedy version
of the ritual this time but their lack
of care causes them to botch it
after that he realized the Sun has come
up and they have completely failed they
Winson anticipation we get our first
concrete indication the family legend is
really [ __ ] and grace is able to
walk out as the Ladue miss family legacy
earns to the ground and that was ready
or not a fun and stylish addition to the
slew of fantastic horror films that came
out in 2019 and I can't wait for the
video game themed remake 5 years from
now if you enjoyed the video I'd love
for you to become a part of the channel
by subscribing thanks for watching